Who is recognized as the first programmer?
Ada Lovelace
Who designed the analytical engine?
Charles Babbage
Who is know as the father of the modern electronic computer?
John von Neumann
Who published two incompleteness theorems in 1931 when he was only 25 years old and is recognized as an important logician?
Kurt Godel
What is officially recognized as the hottest place on earth?
Death Valley
Approximately one in every two million lobsters has a rare genetic defect that causes them to be what color?
blue
What lake contains so much water that it could flood the entire landmass of North and South America to a depth of one foot?
Superior
What are the little furry creatures that inhabit Endor called?
Ewoks
What space probe was launched on September 5, 1977?
Voyager 1
What is a group of owls called?
parliament
What cartoon sitcom got its start as a series of animated shorts on The Tracey Ullman Show back in 1987?
The Simpsons
By US law, what spirit's grain composition must contain at least half corn?
bourbon
What is the radiant eyeball floating atop the pyramid on the back of the US $1 bill called?
Eye of Providence
When was the current United States Flag adopted?
1960
What is the best selling cooking in the US?
Oreos
What is the tallest mountain by total height from base to summit (also considering the undersea portion)?
Manua Kea
Who is the only performer to reach the top of the UK song charts as a solo artist and as a member of a duo, tiro, quartet, quintet and musical ensemble?
Paul McCartney
What does the red stripe in the traditional barber pole represent?
blood
Where would you find the the monumental stuatues called moai?
Easter Island
The White Cliffs of Dover are made up of what material?
chalk
What was Mr. Rogers in real life?
minister
Which country is shaped like a boot
Italy
In the Star Wars movie, what was the Emperor's last name?
Palpatine
What color were the slippers in the original Wizard of Oz?
silver
What does the aabbreviation SMS mean?
short message service
What word is used in Hawaii to greet and say goodbye?
aloha
Which French town is known for its mustard?
Dijon
What is the most famous beer in Ireland?
Guiness
What do dragonflies prefer to eat?
mosquitoes
What plant does the Canadian flag contain?
maple
Before the Macintosh computer was released in 1984, which Apple computer model introduced such features as the mouse, and the technology of point and click on visual icons?
LISA
What's the name for the chain of islands located between the Straits of Florida and Florida Bay?
Florida Keys
What is the largest lake in Africa, (also the third largest lake in the world and named after a person of royalty?
Lake Victoria
One U.S. state name can be spelled using only one vowel, an e, which may repeated. What is this state?
Tennessee
How many millimeters are in one kilometer?
1 million
What is the name of the segment of the right-wing ideologies presented as an alternative to mainstream conservatism in the United States?
The Alt-Right
How many planets are in the solar system?
8
What is the farthest planet from the sun in the solar system?
Answer: Neptune
What is the farthest planet or dwarf planet from the sun in our solar system?
Eris
What is the largest ocean?
Pacific
How many moons does the earth have?
1
What is the capital of Venezuela?
Caracas
How many apollo missions landed men on the moon?
6
Who was Henry VIII's wife at the time of his death?
Catherine Parr
What is sciophobia the fear of?
shadows
What is ergophobia the fear of?
work
What is England's largest landlocked county?
Shropshire
What is the cylinder firing order for a small-block Chevy engine? (Use dashes to separate the numbers)
1-8-4-3-6-5-7-2
What color is Mace Windu's lightsaber?
purple
In what US Army Airborne Division did Jimi Hendrix serve?
101st
In which field of Mathematics would you first study derivatives?
calculus
The first commercial oil well in the United States was drilled in what state?
Pennsylvania
Where does the Kreb's cycle take place?
mitochondria
The rising sun is first visible in the continental US from Cadillac Mountain in this state:
Maine
Which is a more efficient sorting algorithm? Bubble Sort? or Merge Sort?
Merge Sort
Who won the 1976 Men's Olympic Downhill race?
Franz Klammer
How many points is a field goal worth in football?
3
In the Biblical book of Revelation, the New Jerusalem is described as having how many gates?
12
For the Browning HBM2 .50 caliber machine gun to operate properly, the gunner must set the timing and what else?
headspace
Missouri is separated from Illinois by which river?
MISSISSIPPI 
In the TV series “The Vampire Diaries”, how did Elena’s parents die?
CAR CRASH
On “Friends,” what was the name of Joey’s girlfriend that Chandler fell in love with?
KATHY
Which team won the 2016 NBA finals?
CLEVELAND CAVALIERS
Which team won Super Bowl 50?
DENVER BRONCOS
Who is the current world number 1 in tennis? 
NOVAK DJOKOVIC
Who created the Statue of Liberty?
GUSTAVE EIFFEL
When was slavery abolished in the British Caribbean?
1833
Who won the 400m gold medal in Rio?
WAYDE VAN NIEKERK
What is the capital of Sudan?
KHARTOUM



